# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 4 Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tue, February 5, 2019 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 1 hours
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/process/issues/1)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/)

# Agenda
1. Introduction of new persons
1. Update on Actions from Meeting #3 
    1. Create post-mortem Constantinople delay blog on our Medium and a permanent Github location for post-mortems
    1. Finish website
       1. Hugo is creating a Google Doc to collect needed links for the site.
       1. Photos required for Ethereum Cat Herders Website
    1. Create cat herders introduction blog post
    1. Secure Twitter handle
    1. Clean Up Communication Document for Hard Forks and related activities 
    1. Subcommitee for managing hard fork planning and EIPs
1. Ethereum Developer Portal
1. Early findings in Aragon DAO research
1. ProgPOW Audit - Requirements / Plan / Roadmap
1. Handbook or Guidelines for the community
1. Any Other Business
    1. Ethereum Website
1. Review Actions from Meeting #4
1. Next Meeting

Moderator - Charles St Louis

# 1. Introduction 
Adam Schmideg – Working with Geth, Swarm Team as Product Manager
Pooja Ranjan – New to the community and has Project Manager knowledge
Lane - Ran through a quick overview of what the Ethereum Cat Herders were trying to do explaining that the group is on a volunteer basis and that it is still grassroots level and will hopefully formalise over time.

# 2. Update on Actions from Meeting #3 
## 2.1	Create post-mortem Constantinople delay blog on our Medium and a permanent Github location for post-mortems. – Done
-	Charles: Quickly ran through the actions. Asked what we want to do with these Action Items.
- Chris: Suggested forming a subcomittee.

ACTION: Form subcommittee to Constantinople No Go Post-Mortem action items (charles St Louis, Brett Robertson, Hugo Sanchez, Pooja Ranjan, Chris Remus?)

## 2.2 Website
- Charles: Finish website (it looks amazing!). – Mostly Updated. Hugo still waiting on Photos. Please send a square photo of either yourself or whatever picture you want to use to represent yourself + your name or screenname to Hugo. It will be put on the cat herders website.
-	Chris: Looks like MVP is done and we can update it as we go.
- Charles – Second that. What we are working on section would be really cool in time.

ACTION: Complete website over the next two weeks before next ECH call. Charles, Hugo and Adam to assist with deploying the website.

## 2.3 Create Cat Herder’s introduction blog post.
- Charles: Do we still want a blog post or is Lane's introduction acceptable.
- Lane: Think we should break it down a little bit more.
- Brett: Review of blog post and edit - posted link. 

LINK: Brett shared the link to [draft blog](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-nv5ElqqiHNBbYexvmHxMwptBTqo9jDBTezhy5tnrBM/edit?usp=sharing) in the chat.

- All: Agreed to release blog on completion of Website.

ACTION: Review Blog post for final release.

## 2.4 Secure Twitter handle
- Charles: Done. Tweet deck arranged by Charles for everyone.

## 2.5 Clean up communication document for Hard Forks and related activities

ACTION: Clean up communications document that has all of the links to exchanges/miners and add a sheet with blank data as a template for next time (not urgent).

## 2.6	Subcommittee on Hard Fork Planning and EIPs
- Charles: Afri has a subcommitee on hard fork planning and EIPs people can participate in.
- Brett: Should happen post Constantinople 2

ACTION: Afri to arrange subcommittee to manage Hard fork planning and EIPs.

## 3. Ethereum Developer Portal

ACTION: Charles to share what he has been working on regarding the Ethereum Developer Portal.

## 4. Early findings in Aragon DAO research

- Chris: Provided update from AraCon and showcased the tools from Aragon. Done some testing around setting up a Test DAO. 
	Showed example of Test DAO created. Ethcatherderstest.aragonid.eth
	Showed finances – Payments coming in and out of the DAO.	
	Voting for Payments (Stakeholders of DAO vote)
- Charles: This is to provide better governance in the Etherem Cat Herder Eco System.
- William: Rough consensus works pretty quickly and Hard consensus may delay action. 
- Charles: This is a good idea for future, we are exploring the options.
- Chris: If you want to learn and test please let me know and we can test it further.
- Lane: Aragon, is perfect for Ethereum Cat Herders. Funding management is a great idea for now. Maybe also adding new ECH members etc.
- Brett: Agreed especially for finance management.
- Lane: How open can Aragon be?
- Chris: Anyone can propose a motion? Anyone can propose a motion to print a new token. But only token holders can vote.
- Lane: Propose it to the public gitter group?
- Chris: Stay with private for now?
- Hugo: Can we use a DAO like this to get feedback from the community? In the future we need to give the community a voice.
- Lane: Absolutely, tools like this need to be explored for things like that.

LINK: Chris shared a link to the [Aragon Test DAO](https://rinkeby.aragon.org/#/ethcatherderstest.aragonid.eth/0x84d4b3148383f2d8d900c44faf041a4dba53b007)

- Chris: Interesting first use case would be funding around the Gitcoin allocations. Seed funds with 50 DAI perhaps and decide on best way to allocate funds.

## 5. ProgPOW Audit - Requirements / Plan / Roadmap

- Charles: What is background to ProgPoW audit?
- Lane: Quick run though. Ethereum has a single PoW algorithm called Ethash and it is meant to be ASIC resistant. Was discussed a little while ago in the Core Dev level but it was push back. Reason being ASICs onlu give a 2x boost on GPU miners. A team IF, Def, Else created a new PoW algorithm called ProgPoW. People have suggested that if ProgPoW seems to be ready to go, why don’t we go with it? Ethereum Core Dev call suggested that we should go with it if there is no issue with the PoW algo. Since then there have been dissenting views including a medium post by Alexey. Timeline and Budget. 
We should have a plan to report back on the Audit by next Core Dev Call?
- Joseph: Do we need to find an auditor? 
- Lane: We don’t have many auditors in the world who can do this.
- William: Who is capable of performing this audit – do we have a list of other auditors?
- Lane: We have a list from Christie but we need be remain impartial and if we can find any others then we may consider them too.
- William: Does any know how to find Hardware Auditors?
- Lane: Let’s lean on the community.
- William: Use the document for now and it can be refined with the auditors.
- Adam: Any reason this is document is not shared?
- Lane: Will check with Hudson but we should keep this as open as possible.
- Adam: Share with the public to get a better understanding from the community.
- Hugo: What is the reason for the audit? Security/Issues/Bugs etc.
- Lane: Real goal is to assist with Governance at the Core Dev Level for better decision making. Need to interview Core Dev folks, other members of the community.
- Hugo: 1-2-1 calls with the Core Dev team to get a better understanding of their concerns or not.
- Brett: Create subcommittee

ACTION : Subcommittee for ProgPoW: Charles, Hugo, Chris, William, Brett, Lane to meet propose 6 February 2019

## 6. Handbook or Guidelines for the community 

Did not go over this in the time.

## 7. Any Other Business

### 7.1 Ethereum Website
- Lane: Ethereum Website Update on the status of the Ethereum Cat Herders taking over the management of that. Cannot promise it will happen overnight but if we build then we have a good case for control to be ported over to the ECH.

## 8. Review Actions from Meeting.

ACTION 1: Subcommittee for ProgPoW
ACTION 2: Finish Website and Host it on Github Pages (Subcommittee: Charles, Hugo, Adam)
ACTION 3: Ethereum Cat Herders Community post (how to get involved)
ACTION 4: Action items from Post mortem (Subcommittee: Brett, Charles, Hugo, Poojaranjan)
ACTION 5: Ethereum Developer Portal (design, details, and drafting up an MVP - pick a date)
ACTION 6: Afri to create a subcommittee for hard fork coordination and EIPs monitoring
ACTION 7: Clean up communication document for Hard Forks and related activities
ACTION 7:  Charles to create Agenda for next meeting

## 9. Next Meeting: 19 February 2019


# Attendees
- Charles St Louis
- Lane Rettig
- Brett Robertson
- Joseph Delong
- Hugo Sanchez
- Adam Schmideg
- Afri Schoedon
- Chris Hobcroft
- Murat Akdeniz
- William Swchab
- Adam Schmideg 
- Pooja Ranjan
